Doctor, how is my son?
Li Xiaoya, you ruined my family
You killed my brother
Now it killed Xiaofeng again
I can't forget you after going abroad for V years.
I want to marry you when I have children
You broom star
I wish you were dead.
Why don't you just die?
Why are you enough?
No one wants this to happen.
Since you are Zhang Yufeng's mother
Then keep him close when he dies
We start from
Xiaoya, are you alright?
What's the matter
But the wind is dead
He and I have not yet obtained a marriage license
I won't get a penny.
I thought I could finally take Xiaonuo with me
Live a happy life
But in the end
Still empty
God, why are you doing this to me?
What did I do wrong?
Xiaoya cheer up
You still have me
I can help you.
I will make you happy.
Why is Xiaoya still outside Wang Ya so late?
Come on.
Xiaoya
Is there something you're holding back?
Yes.
Big deal
Wang Yang
I've killed people.
Five years now.
I thought
I forgot
But before I go to bed every day
I will think of the way Jiang Yin stared at me before he died
I sometimes
I wonder if I should avenge my mother
I break down every day.
So broken
It's okay.
I will be by your side
Keep you